Enable fipstls when running in FIPS mode (#1127)
microsoft/go: eng/doc/fips/README.md

This feature does not require any additional configuration, but it only works with OpenSSL versions known and supported by the Go toolchain.

### TLS with FIPS-compliant settings

> The Go TLS stack will automatically use crypto primitives from the selected crypto backend. Yet, this isn't enough for FIPS compliance: the FIPS 140-2 standard places additional restrictions on TLS communications, mainly on which cyphers and signers are allowed.

Reviewer: Sorry, one more thing in the doc. 😄 I think the `compatibility with old devices` note should be moved below this paragraph to make it 100% clear that the FIPS restrictions themselves cause the compatibility issue, not our approach to it. (And definitely not just the `import` approach!)

Author: Good point. Thanks!

### TLS with FIPS-approved settings

> The Go TLS stack will automatically use OpenSSL crypto primitives. Yet, the FIPS 140-2 standard places additional restrictions on TLS communications, mainly on which cyphers and signers are allowed.

Reviewer: Good catch on the old FIPS mode clause. 😄 

I think OpenSSL can be expanded to any backend and the "yet" can be a little more direct while we're here:

```suggestion
The Go TLS stack will automatically use crypto primitives from the selected crypto backend. Yet, this isn't enough for FIPS compliance: the FIPS 140-2 standard places additional restrictions on TLS communications, mainly on which cyphers and signers are allowed.
```

> Since Go 1.22, the Microsoft Go runtime automatically enforces that `crypto/tls` and `crypto/x509` only use FIPS-approved settings when running in FIPS mode. This differs from upstream's BoringCrypto backend, which requires you to import `crypto/tls/fipsonly` to apply the FIPS-mandated restrictions. The Microsoft Go crypto backends do this automatically to reduce the source code changes necessary to produce a FIPS-compliant Go application.

Reviewer: > The Microsoft Go crypto backends do this automatically to reduce the source code changes necessary to produce a FIPS-compliant Go application.

Hmm. Probably worth mentioning that this makes a single Go binary able to run with/without FIPS-restricted TLS, too.

But I wonder if this concept in general is worth its own new Features section, e.g. first we have "No code changes required" (which is arguably truer once we have this feature 😄), then "Build one binary for FIPS and non-FIPS" or something like htat. I take this for granted now, but for teams that are poking through our docs to figure out if it works for their scenario, I think this is worth highlighting in itself.

Author: > Hmm. Probably worth mentioning that this makes a single Go binary able to run with/without FIPS-restricted TLS, too.

Done!

> But I wonder if this concept in general is worth its own new Features section...

IMO this is why we have `Usage: Common configurations`, and in there we already explain that FIPS or no-FIPS is a runtime decision unless `-tags=requirefips` is set.

Reviewer: Yeah, reading that section again, I agree it's enough.

> Since Go 1.22, the Microsoft Go runtime automatically enforces that `crypto/tls` and `crypto/x509` only use FIPS-approved settings when running in FIPS mode. This differs from upstream's BoringCrypto backend, which requires you to import `crypto/tls/fipsonly` to apply the FIPS-mandated restrictions. The Microsoft Go crypto backends do this automatically to reduce the source code changes necessary to produce a FIPS-compliant Go application.

Reviewer: I think it's worth adding something in the intro to clarify that even though boringcrypto provides `import _ "crypto/tls/fipsonly"` and you'd need to add that to your project, you don't need to with Microsoft Go.

(We could potentially remove that intro paragraph entirely, although I think we need to be careful that people using Go <1.22 still easily see/understand that they need the import.)

Author: I've updated the `Usage: Common configurations` section to mention this change too.

> Prior to Go 1.22, a program using the Go TLS stack must import the `crypto/tls/fipsonly` package to be compliant with these restrictions. The configuration is done by an `init()` function, so only importing it is necessary:

Reviewer: Add a line in the changelog?
